- dispensing ATM is a common sight but a
water dispensing ATM not many would have
seen 15 such a teams were installed in
south degree bra a resettlement colony
invest early in November 2014 it has
changed the way people think about the
health needs especially safe drinking
water one in eight at isolating drink
errata tote encapsulation - video hehe
keep an inator that emerges of Leo these
ATMs are branded as server gel and are
installed by per ml for nation and
association with the leader board the
groundwater which is used to feed the
ATM goes through a five stage
purification process at a plant to make
it fit for drinking the first stage
clear sir
mainly order color and the highest
impurity like the course course and
course and the heavy sandwich which
comes that gets attorney this in the
second stage fourth third fourth fifth
all the finest impurities will get
cleaned
so that after fifth essay which is UV
stage my water is pure drinkable hammock
with so many otter gesso oleifera locked
a kissy Kissy Nakata kees kubota panet
or ahem mr. zerkin the water however
doesn't come free if water is bought
from the ATM's at plant it costs 15 pee
a litre and 30 paces from ATMs installed
elsewhere users need to get a server gel
card which is like an ATM card and top
it with a recharge amount the idioms are
easy to use pay for what you use and
there is no minimum limit for
withdrawing water my capacity of this
treatment plant is 1000 liter per R so
if I run it for the certainer I can I
can clean 10,000 liter of water so even
if I have let's say 515 ATMs that means
500 tank which is 750 liters in one go
so I can again like I can fill it in one
go itself though some 800 families have
bought the car till date all are not
happy with the service local residents
often complain that the agents are not
guarded hence prone to vandalism
potatoes sell any value but jeopardy if
you may take the stand banana cart a
mullah not this way
history rumor good idea last month
Delhi's lieutenant governor cleared a
proposal to set up similar water ATMs
and tendering settlement
these are the area's says the DJ be
spokespersons which don't have
sufficient water supply or
infrastructure to provide drinking water
round-the-clock according to a World
Health Organization report released on
Thursday out of 748 million people
worldwide who do not have access to
improved source of drinking water
India is home to 92 million of them in
such a country these kinds of
initiatives can go a long way